Hello, and thank you for taking the time to watch this today. I'm Seonhye Yoon.
Today, I'll talk about two major functions of business, Human Resources and Shipping and Receiving.

First, About the HR. Then give three jobs in the HR department. And pass to the shipping and receiving part. What do shipping and receiving parts do? Then also gives 3 positions in Shipping/Receiving department.

Firstly, What is the HR?
HR is short for human resources. Human Resources. What do they do? According to Will Kenton, "Human Resources is the division of a business that is charged with finding, screening, recruiting, and training job applicants, as well as administering employee-benefit programs."

There are many positions in the HR department. And I have three jobs here.
First, Recruiter. Recruiters find talented people and employ them. HR Generalists train recruits and give some chances to develop employees' capacity. Last, HR Analysts analyze some data related to employee recruitment or surveys, such as Recruiting conversion rate.

And then the Shipping Receiving department. What do they do? According to the CareerExplorer-What does a shipping/receiving clerk do? "a Shipping and Receiving clerk is someone who completes tasks that help a warehouse run smoothly. They send, accept and record the movement of parts, supplies, materials, equipment."

And here are the three example jobs for the shipping/receiving department.
First, Shipping and Receiving Coordinator.
They manage the shipment and deliveries of products in a company and check the inventory tracking is correct. And Inventory analysts analyze data to manage the inventory efficiently, such as Inventory turnover or days on hand or physical distribution. Lastly, the operation coordinator works the exclusive products in the stock and purchases products if there is no sufficient quantity of product.

It was the presentation about the functions and positions of the Human Resources and Shipping/Receiving department. Thank you for listening to the presentation.
